this is a very difficult application
because it's being conducted at very
cold temperatures we can apply the Eco
door tool when coding down to zero
degrees F for minus 20 Celsius whereas
most other coatings really do not cure
well at those cold temperatures while
maintaining an excellent bond to the
steel substrate what we have here we
have six 400-barrel tanks which are very
typical of older tanks that you find in
and around the oil fields and in the
Northlands like up here in Williston
North Dakota these are fairly difficult
to address in wintertime so a lot of
this work is done during the summertime
so the Castagna system the sulfur II
spray technology combined with the Eco
der 201 coating can be deployed both in
a shop and as you see here open the
field at these cool temperatures so
basically becomes a year-round business
for the applicators in this case the
tank was prepared and sandblasted which
takes about a day to steam-clean an old
tank and then blasted out and the
surface is very rough and and once
that's done you know our our technician
or or the applicator just goes in and
coats and it's done within about 30 to
40 minutes on the tank of this size
which is what you would expect for a
normal coating application but the
difference is that rather than waiting
you know days with expensive heating to
bring the tanks up to temperature to a
cure the coating is we just leave them
at ambient and then we're able to come
in in a few hours and start doing the
holiday testing which is the electrical
inspection used to find any defects and
such any touch-up work can be done again
just within a few hours of beginning the
coating process which allows that tank
to be returned to service within 24
hours